It's never happened before and here we go again! More rules for the guild. 

🙏 I hope you realise that these are necessary measures. And of course, I hope that you will not break them.

:white_check_mark: If you agree, then welcome to the guild!
:x: If you do not agree with the rules, then either we can discuss it, or you can leave the guild.

:anger: No toxicity. I don't want to see a hotbed of toxic people here. If you don't know how to communicate with people, then this is not for you.

:loudspeaker: No spam. Do not write the same thing in different channels. Do not write the same thing in one channel. Do not write the same thing in private messages. Do not write the same thing in comments. Do not write the same thing anywhere at all.

:newspaper: No advertising. Do not advertise your projects, channels, groups, bots, websites, etc. This also applies to the advertising of other people. Justification in the style of: "This is a cool blogger, look at him", will not work. If you want to advertise something, then write <@&219564159702925312> and we will discuss it.

:dash: Do not send disgusting, explicit, or unpleasant content. This applies to both text and other types of content (even avatars). For example, I don't want to see videos about farting, or nudity, or something like that.

:mending_heart: No content in support of terrorism, fascism, nazism, racism, etc. For Z symbols, swastikas, etc. you will be banned

:face_with_raised_eyebrow: You don't need to disturb people's conversations. If you like to spam the soundbar or make bad jokes in the voice channel, don't be surprised if you get a mut for it.

For the most part, there are always exceptions to the rules. However, as with anything, exceptions should not become the rule. If you want to discuss something, then write <@&219564159702925312> and we will discuss it.
