**Commands description:**

To call a command - start typing `/` in the chat, and select the desired command from the list. Usually the description of the commands is already displayed in this list, but I will list some of them here:

:video_game: Game commands:
<:gonna_be_lucky:1200491457266589758> </gonna-be-lucky:1195997095295983688> - A game in which you can try your luck. AI will generate a random event and subtract or add a certain number of points to you. All events are random.
<:rock_paper_scissors:1200491199027490836> </rock-paper-scissors:1196389162409005107> - A game of rock-paper-scissors. Choose one of three options and fight with AI in private messages, or with other players in text channels. For example in the channel <#431793730257944577>.
:game_die: </dice:1195994707927515256> - A game of dice. Throws a cube and shows the result. The minimum and maximum value can be specified in the command arguments.
:scroll: </rating:1197243357714464788> - Shows the top users in the guild. The rating is calculated based on the number of points you received for the games. As well as for other activity in the guild. For example, every day you are credited with 1 point. As well as if you are in the top 100 users - then you are given a role with your place in the ranking, as well as showing the number of points.

:gear: Commands for guild management (visible only to corresponding roles):
:envelope: </messages-bulk-delete:1195996111920439297> - Delete messages in the channel. You can specify the number of messages to delete. Used mainly to clean up channels from spam.
:abacus: </points:1197966526968504471> - Managing user points. For example, you can give points to a user, or take them away.